# YouTubeImporter

Submodule for Shark (SharedKnowledge)

The YouTubeImporter is an extension to the SharedKnowledge (Shark) Framework. It's possible to import Videos, Channels and Playlist from YouTube in the semantic database of Shark.
We decided to not build a pure importer except for our the ExampleUsage. The idea is, that it's possible to build a huge net of videos, channels and playlist. So it's possible to

It's necessary to get an API key for the requests to the YouTube api.

# YouTube in Shark

We decided to have three possible context points, that are interconnected: the Video, the Playlist and the Channel. Following is the description how those are transformed into ContextPoints and imported into a Shark knowledgebase. Fitting the Sharkstructure to what we get from Youtube happens in the YouTubeKnowledgeBase. There the context coordinates are written into a shark knowledge base that is passed to the YouTubeKnowledgebase. Due to having to convert the parameter from YouTube three times, we decided we wanted to do the calculating in a different place. In the SharkImporter, the semantic tags can be filled with YouTube videos, channels and playlists. This is also where the mapping of the results from the YouTube api gets fitted with the structure of Shark.
Even though there are three different context points, they are comparable in their structure.

## Common Structure

### Originator
The originator is always the id of the channel, the context point belongs to or is created by.

### Peer
The peer is the unique identifier of the context point taken from the id they have in YouTube.

### Remote Peer
The remote peer is the title of the context point in YouTube.

### Topic
The topic is the description of the video, playlist or channel in YouTube.

### Time
The time is the time it was published in YouTube

### Location
If there is a location returned by the YouTube api it goes in here

### ContextCoordinates and ContextPoint
Context coordinates and context points are very important to the structure of shark and combine the previously named and created semantic Tags. Informations can be added to context coordinates, which was not for all the cases necessary in this case.

## Video in Shark

This is the description of the YouTube Video in the semantic structure of Shark.
The adress and si are all set to the video Url.

### Originator
There are no users but only channels in YouTube so that's the creator and/or uploader of the video. Therefore the originator is a link to the creater/uploader by being filled with the id of the channel.

### Peer
The peer is set to be the video id. That's how the video's context point is identifiable and searchable in a context space.

### RemotePeer
The remote peer of the video is the title of the video, which is again not unique identifier oppose to id but important for human readability.

### Topic
The topic is set to be the video description- those are just plain text saying something about the video, which is interessting to get the whole overview over a video but of course semantically not as interesting as the id for example.

### Time
The time when the video was published in YouTube.

### Location
That's the location, YouTube returns for the video, set by the user where the video was recorded. This is often left empty and would result in the location being set to null.

### ContextCoordinates and ContextPoint
From those Tags a contextCoordinates is created and transformed to a contextPoint. Thereby we have the video created as a ContextPoint in a knowledgeBase and can be worked with it there.

## Playlist in Shark

There are three different kinds of Playlist: the playlist from favourited Videos, from uploaded Videos and liked Videos of a certain channel (which is basically the same as a user in this case). We handle all those playlists the same. Playlists are mainly there to create a link between Videos and Channels beside the direct link they already have. It's an important part espacially when building a bigger semantic net of playlists, their videos and the channels connected to both.

### Originator
The originator is the channel id of the person who created this playlist. Depending on the creation of the playlist object passed to the function, this might be a playlist of the users favourited, liked or uploaded videos.

### Peer
The peer is the id of the playlist and thereby the most important part since it is the unique id of the playlist.

### Remote Peer
The remote peer is the title of the playlist.

### Topic
The topic is the description of the playlist. Set by the user or generated by YouTube.

### Time
The time the playlist was published on YouTube.

### Location
The location of playlists is always set to null since there are no usefull location informations for playlists.

### Information
For every video that is part of the playlist, a Information with its id will be created. Since the information is just filled with a string of the video id, it's content type is set to '.txt'.

### ContextCoordinates and ContextPoint
The informations are added to the context point after it's created from the context coordinates, which are assambled by the semantic tags named before.

## Channel in Shark

The channel is very important to the structure of our model. It connects it to the social idea of shark by having an identifiable user id and also connects it to the "outside world" in the way of being able to interact with other google plus ids.

### Originator
The originator is the creator of the channel by getting their google plus id. Even though it's possible to have several channels for a user, the user has only one GooglePlus id, which identifies them.

### Peer
The peer is the id of the channel itself.

### Remote Peer
The remote peer is the title of the channel.

### Topic
The topic is the channel's description, also set by the user.

### Time
The time is the timestamp at which the channel was created on YouTube.

### Location
Since there was no proper location that could have been used, we decided to set the location to null. In further work it would be possible to see what you could do with the location but that wouldn't have fit in the model as it is at the moment.

### ContextCoordinates and ContextPoint
The context point of a channel is created of its context coordinates.

# Example Usecase
This class is an example of how to set up a bigger net of videos, channels and playlists.
In the cas oof the function *importVideosFromChannel* a channelid is passed together with an api key. The function will create a shark knowledge base and fill it with the channel and the playlist of the channel's uploaded videos and the videos in that playlist. This is for an active channel on YouTube pretty quickly a lot of context points espacialy for the context points of videos.
It would be possible this way to recursivly get all connected videos, channels and playlists of channel and their connected videos, channels etc. if wished to set up a huge network representing a part of the relations in YouTube of channels and their videos to each other. 
